now the word of
Lord came to Jonah the second time arise
go to Nineveh that great city and preach
to it the message that I tell you so
Jonah arose and went to Nineveh
according to the word of the Lord
now Nineveh was an exceedingly great
city a three-day journey in extent and
Jonah began to enter the city on the
first day's walk then he cried out yet
forty days and Nineveh shall be
overthrown so the people of Nineveh
believed God proclaimed a fast and put
on Sat loss from the greatest to the
least of them
[Music]
then Lord came to the king of Nineveh
and he arose from his throne and laid
aside his robe covered himself with sack
and sat in ashes and he caused it to be
proclaimed and published throughout
Nineveh by the decree of the king and
his nobles but neither man nor beast
heard nor flock taste anything do not
let them eat or drink water but let man
and beast be covered with sackcloth and
cry mightily to God
yes let everyone turn from his evil way
and from the violence that is in his
hands who can tell if God will turn and
relent and turn away from his fierce
anger so that we may not perish then God
saw their works that they turn from
their evil way
and God relented from the disaster that
he had said he would bring upon them and
he did not do it